title=Customize toolbar
tip=Click the small right arrow button at the right end of the toolbar buttons and select "Customize toolbar..." from the drop down menu to add additional buttons onto the toolbar. This will help you get quick access to more powerful features. 
link=customizable-toolbar.php

title=Open site in new tab automatically
tip=By default, Slimjet opens the site in the current tab when you enter a URL from the omnibox or click on a bookmark. You can hold down the ALT key to open the site in a new tab instead. If you would like to open a site in a new tab by default, turn on the option "Auto create new tab when a URL is entered" in the "Tab options" section of the settings page. When this option is on, you can hold the ALT key to open the site in the current tab instead.

title=Disable ad blocker per site
tip=Ad blocker is now enabled by default in Slimjet. In some cases the ad blocker might block useful content by mistake. If that happens, you can choose to disable the ad blocker only on that particular site. 
link=/blog/disabling-ad-blocker-on-a-per-site-basis-in-slimjet/

title=Turbo-charged download manager
tip=Slimjet comes with a turbo-charged download manager which can boost download speed up to 12 times if you are trying to download files from a slow server. You can right click on a link and select "Turbo-charged download" from the context menu to download the file with turbo-charged download manager. Or you can turn on the option "Use turbo-charged download manager as the default downloader" if you wish to launch turbo-charged download manager with a simple left click on the link. 
link=fast-internet-download-manager.php

title=Turbo-charged download manager
tip=If you have enabled turbo-charged download manager by default, you might have issues downloading files from some servers that limit the number of connections. If that happens, you can hold ATL key while clicking on the file link to bypass the turbo-charged download manager temporarily.

title=New tab page background video
tip=Do you know that you can set a video as the background for the New Tab page? Click the "customize" button on the top right corner of the New Tab page. Select the option "Background Video". You can either choose a local video file or click the link "Online Video Library" to access more stunning videos on our website. 



